Add documentation for MSI reservation (#3454)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/inventory/reservations.md

{:style="table-layout:auto;"}

The metadata `event_type` can have the following values:

* `order_placed`
* `order_canceled`
* `shipment_created`
* `creditmemo_created`
* `invoice_created`

Currently, the metadata object type must be `order`, and the object ID is the order ID. In the future, it might be possible to create a reservation when a customer adds an item to a shopping cart. Each item could be reserved for a fixed amount of time, such as 15 minutes, allowing the customer to reserve items while continuing to shop. When this type of reservation is enabled, the metadata could contain additional types of information.

## Reservation lifecycle

The following example shows the sequence of reservations generated for a simple order.

1. The customer makes a purchase order for 25 units of product `SKU-1`. The reservation contains the following information:

   ```
   reservation_id = 1
   stock_id = 1
   sku = SKU-1
   quantity = -25
   event_type = order_placed
```

2. The customer sends an invoice for 20 items, essentially canceling 5 of the units ordered.

   ```
   reservation_id = 2
   stock_id = 1
   sku = SKU-1
   quantity = 5
   event_type = order_canceled
   ```

> 3. The merchant ships the remaining 20 units.

Reviewer: Instead of remaining, suggesting something like purchased? They paid for those 20 via the invoice. Are those remaining?

```suggestion
3. The merchant ships the purchased 20 units.
```

   ```
   reservation_id = 3
   stock_id = 1
   sku = `SKU-1` 
   quantity = 20
   event_type = shipment_created
   ```

The three `quantity` values sum up to 0 (-25 + 5 + 20). Note that Magento does not modify any existing reservations. 

## Removing processed reservations

> Magento provides the `inventory_cleanup_reservations` cron job to clear the reservation table. By default, it runs daily at midnight, though the times and frequency can be configured. The cron job runs a script that queries the database to find complete reservation sequences in which the sum of quantity values is 0. When all reservations for a given product that originated on the same day (or other configured time) have been compensated, Magento subsequently deletes these reservations all at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magento provides the `inventory_cleanup_reservations` cron job to clear the reservation table. By default, it runs daily at midnight, though you can configure the times and frequency. The cron job runs a script that queries the database to find complete reservation sequences in which the sum of quantity values is 0. When all reservations for a given product that originated on the same day (or other configured time) have been compensated, Magento subsequently deletes these reservations all at once.
```
